Docs 1408: Add flowchart to Direct vs Redirect (#2008)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/developer/api/direct-vs-redirect.md

    - /developer/api/difference-between-direct-and-redirect/
---

> With our API, you can make requests to create direct transactions and redirect transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With our API, you can create transactions through direct and redirect requests.
```

Reviewer: As a reader, I think it's a bit confusing if we introduce direct and redirect transactions but then change to discussing direct and redirect requests.

Direct requests connect directly to the payment method, whereas redirect requests first send the customer to a [MultiSafepay payment page](/payment-pages/).

For redirect requests, if the gateway for a specific payment method is:

> - Provided, the payment page is tailored for that payment method, e.g. for Visa, the page includes fields for the customer to enter their credit card details. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Provided, the payment page is tailored for that payment method. For example, for Visa, the page includes fields for the customer to enter their credit card details. 
```

- Not provided, the payment page displays all payment methods 

Then, if further customer action is:

> - Required, they are redirected to complete payment, e.g. for iDEAL the customer is redirected to their online banking environment. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Required, they are redirected to complete payment. For example, for iDEAL, the customer is redirected to their online banking environment. 
```
